Build The Kraken
================

This application is intended as a build-system component, for configuring and running preprocessors over source files in a variety of formats.  Specifically, it currently focuses on Javascript, CSS, and HTML, but it can be configured to process any kind of text file.

The Kraken recognizes its own preprocessor directives to import content from other files, and to selectively include content.

The application may be run in either a "production" (the default), or a "development" context.  In the production context, composite files are generated by recursively concatenating imported content, and omitting content not selectively included.  The results of that processing are then fed to code compressors.  In the "development" mode, import directives are converted into a type-native equivalent.

The core of the system is a Perl script and modules.  The minimum required version of Perl is `5.000`.

While the Perl can be run directly, an `exampleSrc` directory is provided with an Ant build file to make running the scripts easier and to provide an example of the scripts use in a build process.

Requirements
------------

A Unix-like environment with Perl 5.000 or greater.  It has been developed and tested under [Cygwin](http://www.cygwin.com) and GNU/Linux running the 3.2.0 kernel.

Installation
------------

Just drop the contents of this repo anywhere you like.  If you're calling the scripts from Ant, be sure to set `krakenDir` in your project directory's `build.properties` file to your `/path/to/com.rc-designs.tools.buildthekraken`.



The scripts
-----------

### build.pl




### css31flavors.pl

